docs(glossary): review all pages to make them follow the BICI glossary (#70)
bonitasoft/bonita-ici-doc: md/installation_guide.md

### Bonita

> You need an up and running Bonita Add-on, the BICI Application will connect directly to the Bonita Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need an up and running Bonita instance, the BICI Application will connect directly to the Bonita Database.
```
